Update the instruction for the logs_dd_url parameter (#3128)
DataDog/datadog-agent: omnibus/resources/agent/msi/README.md

* DD_URL="_string_"
  * Sets the **dd_url** variable in datadog.yaml to _string_. 
* LOGS_DD_URL="_string_"

>   * Sets the **logs_dd_url** variable in the **logs_config** section in datadog.yaml to _<endpoint>:<port>_ .

Reviewer: `_<endpoint>:<port>_` disappears after markdown formatting. You could write instead:

```suggestion
  * Sets the **logs_dd_url** variable in the **logs_config** section in datadog.yaml to _string_ . _string_ has to be of the form `<endpoint>:<format>`, for example `agent-intake.logs.datadoghq.com:443`.
```
